Update documentation for preload queries (#1647)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/framework/preloaded-queries.md

![Shows a diagram of queries that haven't been preloaded](/assets/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/preload-queries-none-set.png)

> This means that the `shopInfo` and `CollectionDetails` queries must finish loading before `layoutContent` can start. And subsequently `layoutContent` must finish before `localization` can start. This is called a request waterfall, and can severely reduce your app performance. Because none of these queries have dependencies, it would be ideal if they all started to load in parallel up front. You can tell Hydrogen to do this by seting the `layoutContent` and `Localization` queries to preload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `shopInfo` and `CollectionDetails` queries must finish loading before `layoutContent` can start. Subsequently, `layoutContent` must finish loading before `localization` can start. This behavior is called a request waterfall, and it can severely reduce your app performance. 

Because none of these queries have dependencies, it would be ideal if they all started to load in parallel up front. You can tell Hydrogen to do this by setting the `layoutContent` and `Localization` queries to preload:
```

Author: Maybe let's rephrase that last paragraph again:

> Because none of these queries have dependencies, it would be ideal if they all started to load in parallel up front. This is preloading queries, and Hydrogen does it by default:

Reviewer: Nice! What do you think of this small additional tweak?

> Because none of these queries have dependencies, it would be ideal if they all started to load in parallel up front. This process is called preloading queries, and Hydrogen does it by default:

![Shows a diagram of queries that have been preloaded](/assets/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/preload-queries-set.png)

> Preloaded queries work by storing the query fetcher for the next time the same URL is requested. So the first time a route is loaded, no queries are preloaded. The second time, Hydrogen remembers which queries were necessary to render the same route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preloaded queries work by storing the query fetcher for the next time the same URL is requested. The first time a route is loaded, no queries are preloaded. The second time a route is loaded, Hydrogen remembers which queries were necessary to render the same route.
```

### Disabling preloaded queries

> By default, all cached querires are preloaded. But not all querires should be preloaded. Any query that returns personalized results should not be preloaded. Just like caching personalized querires, preloading personalized querires can bleed data across requests. You can disable preloaded queries by setting cache to `CacheNone` or explicitly opting out with `preload: false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all cached queries are preloaded. However, not all queries should be preloaded. For example, any query that returns personalized results shouldn't be preloaded. Just like caching personalized queries, preloading personalized queries can disperse data across requests. You can disable preloaded queries by setting cache to `CacheNone` or explicitly opting out with `preload: false`:
```

{% codeblock %}

```js
const {data} = useShopQuery({
  query: QUERY,
  variables: {
    numCollections: 3,
  },
  cache: CacheNone(), // `CacheNone()` automatically disables preloaded queries

>   preload: false,     // Or you can explicitly tell the query not to preload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  preload: false,     // or you can explicitly tell the query not to preload
```

});
```

{% endcodeblock %}

> During dev-mode, Hydrogen detects request waterfalls, and warns you that the query isn't preloaded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development mode, Hydrogen detects request waterfalls, and warns you that the query isn't preloaded:
```

![Shows a screenshot of request waterfall warning](/assets/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/suspense-waterfall.png)

### Routes with parameters

> Preloaded queries work similarly for routes with parameters, like `Product` and `Collection`, except that each route with a different parameter has it's own preloaded queries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preloaded queries work similarly for routes with parameters, like `Product` and `Collection`, except that each route with a different parameter has its own preloaded queries. 
```

> For example, the first time a user visits `/collections/freestyle-collection`, no queries will be preloaded. Similarly, the first time a user visits `/collections/backcountry-collection`, no queries will be preloaded. However, the second time that a user visits either route, querires will be preloaded. It's important that each route has separate preloaded queries, otherwise the results of one might show up for the results of the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the first time a user visits `/collections/freestyle-collection`, no queries will be preloaded. Similarly, the first time a user visits `/collections/backcountry-collection`, no queries will be preloaded. However, the second time that a user visits either route, queries will be preloaded. It's important that each route has separate preloaded queries, otherwise the results of one might show up for the results of the other.
```

## Preload everywhere

> You can tell Hydrogen to preload a query everywhere. The `preload` property takes a Boolean value or a string. When the value is `*` Hydrogen will preload the query for every request. This option can be helpful for menu links in your navigation, allowing you to preload a query on button click or while you animate a transition to another page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can tell Hydrogen to preload a query everywhere. The `preload` property takes a Boolean value or a string. When the value is `*`, Hydrogen will preload the query for every request. This option can be helpful for menu links in your navigation, allowing you to preload a query on button click or while you animate a transition to another page:
```

</aside>

> If you have a suspense waterfall detected, you can log request timing information by enabling the `logger.showQueryTiming` property in your [Hydrogen configuration file](https://shopify.dev/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/framework/hydrogen-config#logger).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a suspense waterfall detected, then you can log request timing information by enabling the `logger.showQueryTiming` property in your [Hydrogen configuration file](https://shopify.dev/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/framework/hydrogen-config#logger).
```
